{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 References
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Ansari, Hibah. 2021. \'93Candidates Phillipe Cunningham and LaTrisha Vetaw agree that public safety policy is the main issue in Minneapolis\'92 Ward 4. Next question: How to fix it?\'94 
\f2\i Sahan Journal
\f0\i0 , October 11, 2021. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sahanjournal.com/democracy-politics/minneapolis-election-2021-city-council-ward-4-phillipe-cunningham-latrisha-vetaw/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://sahanjournal.com/democracy-politics/minneapolis-election-2021-city-council-ward-4-phillipe-cunningham-latrisha-vetaw/}}.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Caleiro, Ant\'f3nio, and Gertrudes Guerreiro. \'93Understanding the Election Results in Portugal, a Spatial Econometrics Point of View.\'94 Uevora.pt, 2025, dspace.uevora.pt/rdpc/handle/10174/8406, http://hdl.handle.net/10174/8406. Accessed 12 Dec. 2025.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Dally, Bella. 2017. \'93Minneapolis Police Chief Jane\'e9 Harteau resigns in wake of Justine Damond shooting.\'94 
\f2\i The Minnesota Daily
\f0\i0 , July 17, 2017. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mndaily.com/208648/city/brharteau/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://mndaily.com/208648/city/brharteau/}}.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Iglesias-Pascual, Ricardo, et al. \'93A Spatial Approach to the Study of the Electoral Resurgence of the Extreme Right in Southern Spain.\'94 Spatial Demography, 4 Apr. 2022, https://doi.org/10.1007/s40980-022-00105-1.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Kaste, Martin. 2021. \'93Minneapolis voters reject a measure to replace the city's police department.\'94 
\f2\i MPR News
\f0\i0 , November 3, 2021. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.npr.org/2021/11/02/1051617581/minneapolis-police-vote"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.npr.org/2021/11/02/1051617581/minneapolis-police-vote}}.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Lee, Hyun-Chool, and Alexandre Repkine. \'93A Spatial Analysis of the Voting Patterns in the South Korean General Elections of 2016.\'94 Social Sciences, vol. 11, no. 9, 30 Aug. 2022, p. 389, www.mdpi.com/2076-0760/11/9/389/pdf, https://doi.org/10.3390/socsci11090389.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Nace, Aki. 2025. \'93Progressives on Minneapolis City Council hold on to majority, despite key loss in Ward 7.\'94 
\f2\i CBS News
\f0\i0 , November 5, 2025. https://www.cbsnews.com/minnesota/news/minneapolis-city-council-election-results-2025/.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Sepic, Matt. 2017. \'93Police controversies, political missteps foiled Hodges in Minneapolis.\'94 
\f2\i MPR News
\f0\i0 , November 9, 2017. https://www.mprnews.org/story/2017/11/09/minneapolis-betsy-hodges-mayoral-career-ends.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Spencer, Cari. 2024. \'93Mayor Jacob Frey vetoes 2025 budget approved by Minneapolis City Council.\'94 
\f2\i MPR News
\f0\i0 , December 11, 2024. https://www.mprnews.org/story/2024/12/11/minneapolis-city-council-adopts-budget-2025.
\f1\fs24 \
}